Hi.
We did this lecture.
We're going to take care of our upload functionality first of all.
We're going to do it in a basic way so that we will display the uploaded image in the feed we've controller.
OK but later on we are going to change our algorithm so that we can display all the pictures grouped
in one post so that every snap owner has only one post so that we can consolidate all the snaps and
display them in an image slider within another view controller.
OK.
So first of all we are going to do the basic way.
However we're going to upload our images to the storage eventually.
So first we going to write that function.
And you know how this goes we're going to create a storage instance.
And are we going to upload everything to the storage and get the respective your URL so that we can
work on that your URL.
OK.
So in fact we can start to create our storage area for us.
So this will drive from storage and we have to import the firebase in order to do that.
OK.
So let me import defy your base and then come down here then I can call this storage.
That's storage.
So this is my storage instance.
And remember I have to create a storage reverse right.
So this will be storage.
That reference now using data for us.
I can't specify the folder that I'm working in so this will be storage referenced dot child.
Remember we have to give a name over here to specify the folder name.
So we will be saving our pictures inside of a folder called media.
OK.
So you can choose this name.
You can call it images you can call it media.
You can call it storage whatever you want but you have to have a folder in order to be more structure.
OK.
Later on I'm going to create my data.
Remember we have to convert our image to a data in order to upload it.
And this will be Jay Peak data and the compression quality.
I'm going to go with 0 point 5.
So I'm going to use this data to save in my media folder.
So how do we do it.
We're going to do it exactly like we did in the Instagram clone section first of all we have to give
it a name and this name will be coming from you you I.D..
Remember when we say you you I.D. string.
So let me delete this and you can see it better.
It will give us and made up a string like that every going to use it as a name for our images so that
we will have a unique name every time we upload an image.
So I'm going to call this imagery for us and this will be again drive from media folder.
Ok.
Media folder dot child and the name will be the you you IDG pack.
So we have to go like this you you I.D..
And we have to specify Of course this quotation marks and say J pack so that it won't be uploaded as
a veered file it will be uploaded as a j peg file later on you can just say image reference that's put
data and it will ask you for a data and then meta data and in return it will give you a completion block.
OK.
So we want.
We don't want that but we want this upload data meta data and the completion block so data will be data.
I don't need any meta data to upload to the server but in completion I'm going to get a major data and
an error.
So of course I'm going to start to check if error is not nil and if it area's not there I'm just going
to display an error message to the user.
So I believe we don't have this make a left function so I'm going to copy it from other controllers
and paste it over here so that I can call s that's make Eliot and call this error and the message will
be error dot localized description.
And if this is nailed down I'm going to call something like error.
OK.
And else and else I'm going to take the image you're out.
So remember you have to say image reference that download the url.
So this will give you either a new URL or an error.
And this time you can just go for if error is nil and go for the URL over here.
So let me close this down so we can see whether in this case I'm just going to create my image your
url and it will be something like your URL that's absolute string.
This is not absolute.
Your URL absolute string.
OK.
So later on in fact we are going to save this image here along with the other parameters that we want
to defy your star.
So first I'm going to create my file your story instance.
So this will be far your story not far your store that I can come over here and decide where to save
it something like fire store data collection and I'm going to call the snaps again I'm going to add
a document.
It will ask me for a dictionary and a completion block it will give me a completion block actual so
you can choose this one and you can create your snap dictionary over here.
So what will be in our snap dictionary.
First we have to specify the image you arrow and the user name of the user.
And along with those I'm going to go for a date as well so that we can delete them.
Then 24 hours is passed.
So let's go for image URL.
An image url.
So I'm first unwrapping this so if you want you can use a flat in order to be more secure.
OK.
And I'm going to call my user name snap owner.
So this will be the snap owner.
I remember we can get the user name from user Singleton that shared user info dot user name.
So that's how we use singletons.
And over here I'm going to specify the date as well.
Again in order to order everything by date or in order to just delete them after 24 hours.
So remember how we got date in Instagram clone field value dot server time stamp.
So I'm gonna cast as a string to any dictionary so that I can come over here and say snap dictionary
and if I hit enter over here it will give me an error.
So you can check to see if areas not nil or if if error is nil.
So if is not nil it's your call to display an error message to the user.
I'm going to do it.
Ants.
Let's say a double question mark.
Error.
And if that's the case then what we want to go to what we want is to go to feed we have controller and
reset this view.
But just let me tests to see if it's working or not.
We're going to need two images anyway.
So let me upload the first one so I'm going to say upload and I want to know if this is uploaded or
not because I didn't specify like going to feed the view controller or something.
So let me do it anyway.
You're going to do it eventually.
So I'm going to say self dots.
Remember we're working with a tab bar controller over here so I can just say South tab bar controller
dot selected index is zero.
It's going to take us to the feed we have controller.
And of course I'm going to change the upload image view image as well to its original image which is
our select image.
So let's say select image.
So let's see if this was select image or select.
Yep it's select image so you can come over here as a select image that PSG and let me run it one more
time.
We're going to need two images anyway because I'm going to show you something.
So let me open this OK and let me come over to my upload and upload another picture over here.
So let's choose this and say upload.
Once we hit that it will get uploaded to the server and it will take us to the feed we have controller.
So let's go back to our five star so you fire refresh does.
Then we are going to see the steps.
All right.
So let's see.
Here you go.
Now we have the snap collection.
And as you can see we have two documents over here.
So we have the snap over there of James Hetfield and we have the image you're line everything so far
this is working good but in fact we don't want that.
Right.
What we want is to have one single document.
So if you can adjust Pate paste is your url to your browser you will see that this is in fact working.
OK.
And I have no objection to that but I don't want to do documents for only one snap owner because remember
our prototype then we have seen the Snapchat clone in the first lecture of the section.
We have consolidated every snap of one user to one post that.
That means we have to get every step inside of only one document.
So how can we do that.
I will show you a way to do that but it's only my way.
You can't come up with a better one later on actually but you will see how to work with arrays inside
of the collection inside of a document as well.
Right.
So let's stop here within the next like we're going to do that and we're going to see these advanced
usages of fire sir.
And then we will complete our by retrieving all data to show them in Ft.